ml4p - Machine learning pipelines for production
===========
[Examples](https://github.com/manfredcml/ml4p-structured-data/tree/master/examples/) |
[Documentation]() (To be added)

ml4p is a collection of pipelines and utilities for developing machine learning models. The primary goal is to enable 
users to solve a range of supervised and unsupervised learning problems only by changing configuration files in JSON
without the need to revise the codes. The configuration files are generated by a user interface supported by Flask which 
makes configuration an ease. Such design aims to maximize the development speed and mitigate potential errors due  to 
constant code revision. It should be noted that ml4p does not try to create new training algorithms and it is rather a 
wrapper of other well-known open-sourced packages to streamline the development of machine learning applications. 
 

Coverage
--------
In general, ml4p pipelines support the following features. Both the data processing and modelling pipelines can be
exported and are fully portable. The training history will be logged and can be reviewed in the user interface.
* Data pre-processing
    * Dimensionality reduction
    * Missing data imputation
    * Normalization
    * Standardization
    * Categorical encoding
    * Train-test split 
    * Custom functions
* Structured data - Supervised setting
    * Multi-layer perceptron
    * Extreme gradient boosting
    * Gradient boosting decision tree
    * Random forest
    * Generalized linear model
    * Naive Bayes
    * Linear discriminant analysis
    * Quadratic discriminant analysis
    * Support vector machine
    * K-nearest neighbour
* Structured data - Unsupervised setting
    * Generalized low rank model
    * t-SNE
    * K-mean clustering
    * Hierarchical clustering
* Unstructured data - Images
    * Direct application of widely used convolutional net architecture
    * Transfer learning (pre-trained weights for initialization)
    * Image augmentation
    * Object detection
    * Visual similarity
* Unstructured data - Texts
    * Visual feature extractor (e.g. HOG)
    * Direct application of widely used recurrent net architecture
    * Transfer learning (pre-trained weights for initialization)
    * Image augmentation
    * Object detection
    * Visual similarity
* Unstructured data - Videos
* Deep generative agents
    * Generative adversarial network and its variants
* Reinforcement learning
    * Class of temporal difference methods

Dependencies
--------
The machine learning features are mainly supported by the following external packages:
* [keras](https://github.com/keras-team/keras)
* [tensorflow](https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow)
* [h2o](https://github.com/h2oai/h2o-3)
* [scikit-learn](https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn)
   
Contribution
--------
ml4p is an open-sourced project and your contribution is much appreciated.


License
--------
[MIT License](https://github.com/manfredcml/ml4p-structured-data/blob/master/LICENSE)
